MIT License with Commons Clause Restriction
Copyright (c) 2025 Magnus T.K

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or create
derivative works of the Software, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

Commons Clause Restriction

The Software is provided under the terms of the MIT License above, with the
following additional restriction:

The license granted herein does not include, and the following rights are
expressly excluded: the right to Sell the Software.

For purposes of this restriction, “Sell” means practicing any or all of the
rights granted to you under the License to provide to third parties, for a fee
or other consideration (including without limitation fees for hosting or
consulting/contracting services), a product or service whose value derives,
entirely or substantially, from the functionality of the Software. Any license
notice or attribution required by the License must also include this Commons
Clause Restriction.
